src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:14:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:14:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:21:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '22'-'44').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:22:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:23:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '23'-'44').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:23:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:24:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '24'-'27').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:24:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '24'-'29').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:31:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:41:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/DashboardServlet.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'es.isst.glucomed.model.Paciente'
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:22:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:22:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:24:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:32:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:32:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:32:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:42:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:44:	Local variable 'dao2' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:45:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailConsulta' (lines '47'-'51').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:49:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:49:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:50:	Local variable 'emailPaciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:52:	System.out.println is used
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:55:	Local variable 'datosPaciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'csv_string' (lines '57'-'72').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'csv_string' (lines '57'-'85').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:57:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'csv_string' is not final.
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:58:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'file_name' is not final.
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:65:	Local variable 'outx' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:69:	Local variable 'datos' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:72:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:73:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:74:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'csv_string' (lines '76'-'72').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'csv_string' (lines '76'-'85').
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/DescargarServlet.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:16:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:16:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:19:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:20:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '20'-'42').
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:20:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:21:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '21'-'42').
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:21:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:22:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '22'-'27').
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:22:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '22'-'30').
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:33:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:39:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/GraficaServlet.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:18:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:18:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:25:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:26:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '26'-'48').
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:26:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '27'-'48').
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:27:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '28'-'33').
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '28'-'36').
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:39:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:41:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:45:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:51:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:51:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dao' (lines '54'-'84').
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:54:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:55:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:57:	Local variable 'emailSession' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '60'-'84').
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:60:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:61:	Local variable 'fecha' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:62:	Local variable 'hora' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:63:	Local variable 'valorGlucosa' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:66:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:66:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:66:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:67:	The String literal "error_code_registro" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:68:	The String literal "insertData" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:69:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:72:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:75:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/InsertDataServlet.java:80:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:27:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:28:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '28'-'54').
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:28:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '29'-'54').
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:29:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '30'-'37').
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '30'-'41').
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:45:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:48:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:51:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:56:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:56:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:59:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:60:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:61:	Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:62:	Local variable 'password2' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:63:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nombre' (lines '65'-'85').
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:65:	Local variable 'nombre' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:73:	Local variable 'dao2' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:74:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LoginServlet.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:13:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:13:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:16:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/LogoutServlet.java:20:	System.out.println is used
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:23:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:23:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '31'-'88').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:31:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '32'-'88').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '33'-'39').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '33'-'42').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:34:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:34:	The String literal "email" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:49:	Local variable 'pacienteDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailMedicoAsignado
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:51:	Local variable 'emailMedicoAsignado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:53:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:53:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:53:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:53:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:55:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:57:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:58:	Local variable 'medico' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:67:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:69:	Local variable 'viewListaMedico' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:76:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:84:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:90:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:90:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:93:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailSession' (lines '95'-'155').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:95:	Local variable 'emailSession' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailMedico' (lines '96'-'155').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:96:	Local variable 'emailMedico' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:97:	Local variable 'accion' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:99:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:101:	Local variable 'userDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:102:	Local variable 'pacienteDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:104:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'tipoUser'.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tipoUser' (lines '104'-'155').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:104:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:106:	Local variable 'medicoAsociado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:108:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:108:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:108:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:108:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:108:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:124:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:126:	Local variable 'userDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:127:	Local variable 'pacienteDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:129:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'tipoUser'.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:129:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:131:	Local variable 'medicoAsociado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:133:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:133:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:133:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:133:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:150:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:150:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MiMedicoServlet.java:150:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:23:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:23:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '31'-'81').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:31:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '32'-'81').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '33'-'39').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '33'-'42').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:34:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:34:	The String literal "email" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:49:	Local variable 'userDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:51:	Local variable 'tipoUsuario' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:53:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:53:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:53:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:53:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:61:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like viewListaPacientes
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:63:	Local variable 'viewListaPacientes' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:69:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:77:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:83:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:83:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:86:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:88:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailSession' (lines '88'-'148').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:88:	Local variable 'emailSession' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailMedico' (lines '89'-'148').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:89:	Local variable 'emailMedico' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:90:	Local variable 'accion' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:92:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:94:	Local variable 'userDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:95:	Local variable 'pacienteDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:97:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'tipoUser'.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:97:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tipoUser' (lines '97'-'148').
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:97:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:99:	Local variable 'medicoAsociado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:101:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:101:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:101:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:101:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:101:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:117:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:119:	Local variable 'userDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:120:	Local variable 'pacienteDAO' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:122:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'tipoUser'.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:122:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:124:	Local variable 'medicoAsociado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:126:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:126:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:126:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:126:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:143:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:143:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/MisPacientesServlet.java:143:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:22:	The class 'RegisterServlet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 14).
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:22:	The class 'RegisterServlet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 14).
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:33:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:34:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '34'-'59').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:34:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '35'-'59').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '36'-'43').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '36'-'47').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:38:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:50:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:57:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:61:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:61:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:61:	The method 'doPost' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:61:	The method 'doPost' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:64:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'daoUser' (lines '64'-'128').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:64:	Local variable 'daoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nombre' (lines '66'-'128').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:66:	Local variable 'nombre' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:67:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'apellidos' (lines '67'-'128').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:67:	Local variable 'apellidos' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tipoUser' (lines '68'-'128').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:68:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:69:	Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:70:	Local variable 'password2' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passCifrado' (lines '71'-'128').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:71:	Local variable 'passCifrado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:72:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '72'-'128').
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:72:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:74:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:80:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:82:	The String literal "error_code_registro" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:83:	The String literal "registro" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 83
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:86:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:86:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:90:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:100:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:102:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:102:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:102:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:102:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:102:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:104:	Local variable 'daoPaciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:107:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:107:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:107:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:107:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:107:	Useless parentheses.
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:109:	Local variable 'daoMedico' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/RegisterServlet.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:27:	Private field 'blobstoreService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:29:	Avoid really long methods.
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:29:	Avoid really long methods.
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:29:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:29:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:39:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:43:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:43:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:43:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:57:	Local variable 'blobs' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:58:	Local variable 'blobKeys' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'blobKey' (lines '63'-'71').
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blobKey' (lines '63'-'210').
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:79:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:87:	Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '89'-'92').
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cvsSplitBy' (lines '90'-'210').
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:90:	Local variable 'cvsSplitBy' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '92'-'210').
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:94:	Local variable 'csvLine' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:96:	Local variable 'fechaCSV' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:97:	Local variable 'horaCSV' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:98:	Local variable 'valorGlucosaCSV' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:116:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:125:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:129:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:143:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:192:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:196:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/es/isst/glucomed/SubirServlet.java:198:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'es.isst.glucomed.model.Paciente'
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:24:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:24:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:28:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:28:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:31:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '32'-'70').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '33'-'70').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:33:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '34'-'39').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '34'-'42').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:35:	The String literal "email" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 35
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:49:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:51:	Local variable 'dao2' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:52:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'tipoUser'.
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tipoUser' (lines '52'-'70').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:52:	Local variable 'tipoUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:54:	Local variable 'emailConsulta' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:56:	Local variable 'pacienteDatos' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:59:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:67:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:72:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:72:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:75:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '76'-'121').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:76:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '77'-'121').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:77:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '78'-'83').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '78'-'86').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:79:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'email'.
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '79'-'121').
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:79:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:89:	Local variable 'emailPaciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:90:	Local variable 'accion' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:96:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:96:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:96:	Avoid empty if statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:96:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:96:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:104:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:106:	Local variable 'pacienteDatos' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:111:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:119:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/ViewDataServlet.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/EMFService.java:7:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/EMFService.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/EMFService.java:8:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'emfInstance' is not all capitals.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/EMFService.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/EMFService.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'es.isst.glucomed.model.Paciente'
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAO.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAO.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAO.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Query'
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'es.isst.glucomed.model.Paciente'
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'es.isst.glucomed.model.User'
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:12:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:19:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:19:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:19:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:25:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:27:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:31:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/MedicoDAOImpl.java:37:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:11:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAO.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:13:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:20:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:26:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:28:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:32:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'hora' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:53:	Parameter 'valorGlucosa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:53:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:55:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:57:	Local variable 'paciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:59:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:80:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:82:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:84:	Local variable 'paciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:86:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listaSalida' (lines '88'-'90').
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:108:	Parameter 'medicoAsociado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:112:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:114:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:114:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:116:	Local variable 'pacientes' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:118:	Local variable 'listaUsuarios' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:120:	Local variable 'paciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:121:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:128:	Parameter 'emailMedico' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:128:	Parameter 'emailPaciente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:131:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:131:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:132:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:132:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:133:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:140:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:143:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:143:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:145:	Local variable 'paciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:147:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:162:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:166:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:166:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:168:	Local variable 'paciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:170:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:175:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:183:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:193:	Parameter 'emailMedico' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:193:	Parameter 'emailSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:195:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:195:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:197:	Local variable 'paciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:199:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:217:	Parameter 'emailMedico' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:217:	Parameter 'emailSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:219:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:219:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:221:	Local variable 'paciente' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:223:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:228:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/PacienteDAOImpl.java:240:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:9:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:10:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:11:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAO.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'es.isst.glucomed.model.Paciente'
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:10:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:18:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:18:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:18:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'apellidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'tipoUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:24:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:25:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:25:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like u
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'u' (lines '27'-'45').
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:27:	Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:28:	Local variable 'testUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:31:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:35:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:47:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:47:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:49:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:50:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:57:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:64:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:64:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:64:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:66:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:67:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:74:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:84:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:86:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:86:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'listaMedicos'.
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:86:	Local variable 'listaMedicos' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:88:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:88:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like w
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:89:	Local variable 'w' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:92:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:92:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 92
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:102:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:137:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:139:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:139:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:141:	Local variable 'datosUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:151:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:154:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:154:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:156:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:156:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:158:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:164:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:167:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:168:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:168:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:171:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:175:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:176:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:183:	Parameter 'blobKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:183:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:183:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:184:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:184:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:185:	Local variable 'update' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:192:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:193:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:194:	Local variable 'findKey' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:195:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:197:	System.out.println is used
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:201:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:201:	Parameter 'emailPaciente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:201:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:204:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:204:	Local variable 'em' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:205:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:205:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:208:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:212:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:212:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/es/isst/glucomed/dao/UserDAOImpl.java:213:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:20:	Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:20:	Parameter 'hora' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:20:	Parameter 'valorGlucosa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:21:	Overridable method 'setFecha' called during object construction
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:22:	Overridable method 'setHora' called during object construction
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:23:	Overridable method 'setValorGlucosa' called during object construction
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:30:	Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:38:	Parameter 'hora' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:46:	Parameter 'valorGlucosa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/CopyOfDatosPaciente.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:7:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:13:	Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:13:	Parameter 'hora' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:13:	Parameter 'valorGlucosa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:14:	Overridable method 'setFecha' called during object construction
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:15:	Overridable method 'setHora' called during object construction
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:16:	Overridable method 'setValorGlucosa' called during object construction
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:23:	Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:31:	Parameter 'hora' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:39:	Parameter 'valorGlucosa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/DatosPaciente.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:18:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:27:	Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:35:	Parameter 'listaPacientes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Medico.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Embedded'
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.OneToMany'
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.Transient'
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:21:	Private field 'datosPaciente' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:25:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:28:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:35:	Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:39:	Parameter 'datos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:41:	Local variable 'SplitBy' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:41:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SplitBy' starts with uppercase character.
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:43:	Local variable 'splitLine' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:45:	Local variable 'fecha' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:46:	Local variable 'hora' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:47:	Local variable 'valorGlucosa' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:53:	Parameter 'datos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:55:	Local variable 'SplitBy' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:55:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SplitBy' starts with uppercase character.
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:57:	Local variable 'splitLine' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:63:	Parameter 'datos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:65:	Local variable 'SplitBy' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:65:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SplitBy' starts with uppercase character.
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:67:	Local variable 'splitLine' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:73:	Parameter 'datos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:75:	Local variable 'SplitBy' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:75:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SplitBy' starts with uppercase character.
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:77:	Local variable 'splitLine' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listaDatosPacientes
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:91:	Local variable 'listaDatosPacientes' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:95:	Local variable 'datosString' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:97:	Local variable 'datos' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:105:	Parameter 'datosPaciente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:111:	Local variable 'datos' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:119:	Parameter 'fecha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:119:	Parameter 'hora' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:119:	Parameter 'valorGlucosa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:125:	Parameter 'datos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:129:	Parameter 'medicoAsociado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/Paciente.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:9:	Avoid short class names like User
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:17:	Private field 'tipoUser' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:21:	Parameter 'apellidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:21:	Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:21:	Parameter 'tipoUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:22:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:22:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:36:	Parameter 'nombre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:44:	Parameter 'apellidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:52:	Parameter 'tipoUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:60:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:68:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:76:	Parameter 'blobKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/model/User.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:20:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:22:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:22:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:25:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:26:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlLogueado' (lines '26'-'58').
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:26:	Local variable 'urlLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlNoLogueado' (lines '27'-'58').
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:27:	Local variable 'urlNoLogueado' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '28'-'33').
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '28'-'36').
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:41:	Local variable 'dao' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:43:	Local variable 'viewUser' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:47:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:50:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:54:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/pruebaListUserServlet.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:6:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:8:	Parameter 'passLimpia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like md
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:10:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'md' (lines '10'-'12').
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:14:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:14:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:17:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '17'-'33').
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:17:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like h
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:20:	Local variable 'h' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like u
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:23:	Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:24:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/es/isst/glucomed/utilities/Utilities.java:26:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
